[GEP-39] Add admission validation for live control plane migration (#14836)
gardener/gardener: docs/deployment/feature_gates.md

| DisableNginxIngressInShoot     | `gardener-apiserver`, `gardener-controller-manager` | Disables the creation/enablement of the deployment nginx ingress shoot addon and removes the nginx ingress controller (if existing) from the Shoot clusters.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | LiveControlPlaneMigration      | `gardener-apiserver`                                | Enables setting the `migration.gardener.cloud/live-migrate=true` annotation on a Shoot together with a `spec.seedName` change via the `shoots/binding` subresource to trigger live control-plane migration, as described in [GEP-0039](https://github.com/gardener/enhancements/tree/main/geps/0039-live-control-plane-migration).                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: Mention the doc itself
```suggestion
| LiveControlPlaneMigration      | `gardener-apiserver`                                | Enables setting the `migration.gardener.cloud/live-migrate=true` annotation on a Shoot together with a `spec.seedName` change via the `shoots/binding` subresource to trigger live control-plane migration, as described in [GEP-0039](docs/operations/live_control_plane_migration.md).                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```
